docs-md/developers/edge-connection.md, before:

# This is an overview in how the connection stream is running in the UI to Edge

This just describes the flow inside Ambianic-UI, how it connects to Edge
and creates an Edge Room for secure communication

In ChooseEdgeConnection, the user will choose to either connect to a local network or using the Room ID they got from a person which they can connect to.

EdgeConnect will load, but until the backend have authenticated, it will just
show a loading bar.

![Edge Searching][searching]

In the backend, the choise the user made will arrive in pnp.js, in the function `discoverRemotePeerId` which will check if there was a Room ID supplied. If there was, just return that RoomID and head on with connection to Edge in `actions [PEER_AUTHENTICATE]`.

Once connection is established, EdgeConnect will show that we are connected to a certain room.

![Edge Connected][connected]

Once connected, the user can click `Disconnect` which will remove the PeerID making sure the website forgets the Edge ID.

To simplify the flow, a basic sequence diagram showing the flow inside the different files for future debugging and improvement.

![Sequence Diagram][sequence]


[connected]: ../assets/images/connected-screen.PNG
[searching]: ../assets/images/pairing-screen.PNG
[sequence]: ../assets/images/connection-sequence.PNG

Commit message:

fix: Updated documentation for remote connection
The edge connect document is updated to show the new flow
on how the UI is connecting to either a local network or to
a remote network.

docs-md/developers/edge-connection.md, after:

# This is an overview in how the connection stream is running in the UI to Edge

This just describes the flow inside Ambianic-UI, how it connects to Edge
and creates an Edge Room for secure communication

Upon starting the Web UI, it will automatically start searching for an Edge in your own local network. 

<img src="../assets/images/home-screen.png" />

Either press `VIEW TIMELINE` to see the data from your own Edge, or if press `SETTINGS` if you wish to connect to someone else's Edge (remote connection) or see details about your own Edge. 

If you are not connected to a network, you will see a card showing that the UI is looking for an Edge on your local network.

<img src="../assets/images/pairing-screen.png" />

Once connected, it will change to:

<img src="../assets/images/ambianic-connection-details.png" width='350' height='350' />

If you don't want to be connected to your own netwrok, for example you want to connect to your parents Edge, you can scroll down to `Pair with Remote Ambianic Edge device` and enter the PeerJS ID you get *from* them.

<img src="../assets/images/ambianic-remote-connect.png" width='850' height='275' />

Enter the Peer JS ID in the input field and press `PAIR REMOTELY`. 

Once connected, click on the link `Timeline` to see the Edge's data.

When done, go back to `Settings` and use `DISCOVER ON LOCAL NETWORK`

<img src="../assets/images/ambianic-local-connection.png" width='850' height='200' />

This will make sure you get disconnected from the remote Edge and connect back to your own Edge.
