docs-md/users/ambianicbox.md, before:

# Ambianic Box

[![Join the Slack chat room](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join%20the%20chat%20room-blue)](https://join.slack.com/t/ambianicai/shared_invite/zt-eosk4tv5-~GR3Sm7ccGbv1R7IEpk7OQ)

Ambianic Box is the recommended enclosure for DIY (do-it-yourself) installations of Ambianic Edge.

<img src="https://github.com/ambianic/ambianic-box/raw/main/ambianic_box_rendering.png" height="400"/>

You can 3D Print an Ambianic Box at home ([here is the source](https://github.com/ambianic/ambianic-box)) or order a 3D print online through a service such as [craftcloud3d.com](https://craftcloud3d.com/configuration/c7faee7e-ec06-41ed-822c-4092bdf1d28d) or [makexyz.com](https://www.makexyz.com/).

# Components

To assemble a fully functional Ambianic Box, we recommend the following readily available off the shelf components, but you can use any viable alternatives available to you:

| Component  | Retail Price | Link(s) to Online Stores |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Raspberry Pi 4 B 2GB | $35  | [RaspberryPi.org](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-4-model-b/?resellerType=home), [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Raspberry-Model-2019-Quad-Bluetooth/dp/B07TD42S27/ref=sxts_sxwds-bia-wc-drs1_0?cv_ct_cx=raspberry+pi+4+2gb&dchild=1&keywords=raspberry+pi+4+2gb&pd_rd_i=B07TD42S27&pd_rd_r=873aac72-20e5-46c0-99ce-9e47ea60881e&pd_rd_w=gOwz9&pd_rd_wg=lG0sq&pf_rd_p=c33e4373-edb9-47f9-a7e6-5d3d6a7a4ad0&pf_rd_r=KRGVVKRVVZTQ5FA0Q55J&psc=1&qid=1605758079&sr=1-1-5e875a02-02b1-4426-9916-8a5c26cd5a14) |
| SD Card 32GB  | $8  | [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Samsung-MicroSDHC-Adapter-MB-ME32GA-AM/dp/B06XWN9Q99/ref=pd_bxgy_img_3/144-4430494-7772565?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B06XWN9Q99&pd_rd_r=a15cd46f-405b-4e68-964d-2abdc4331448&pd_rd_w=iB7pd&pd_rd_wg=GMbRu&pf_rd_p=f325d01c-4658-4593-be83-3e12ca663f0e&pf_rd_r=YFPJN5QH2KR9RWRYBNCG&psc=1&refRID=YFPJN5QH2KR9RWRYBNCG), [Best Buy](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-32gb-microsdhc-uhs-i-memory-card/6327962.p?skuId=6327962) |
| 5V 3A USBC Charger  | $3 | [wish](https://www.wish.com/product/593badce564c7e24a9cf2c9f?hide_login_modal=true&from_ad=goog_shopping&_display_country_code=US&_force_currency_code=USD&pid=googleadwords_int&c=%7BcampaignId%7D&ad_cid=593badce564c7e24a9cf2c9f&ad_cc=US&ad_lang=EN&ad_curr=USD&ad_price=3.60&campaign_id=8701430383&retargeting=true&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AmgVu5NhnIR4ciTOxAS0RuKiafialsqoFvQDmOAAsDYKixyqm1DmRQaArF5EALw_wcB&share=web), [ebay](https://www.ebay.com/i/183831264689?var=691473058624&chn=ps&norover=1&mkevt=1&mkrid=711-117182-37290-0&mkcid=2&itemid=691473058624_183831264689&targetid=934793862456&device=c&mktype=pla&googleloc=9028305&campaignid=10455978148&mkgroupid=104612011180&rlsatarget=aud-649939740884:pla-934793862456&abcId=2146002&merchantid=136047574&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AnhnfUart_pYDl8wPHKhJl1PHab4U2OtoLLBX1lkuNPQ-9XN6DcfVYaAkMkEALw_wcB), [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Power-Supply-Adapter-Switch-Raspberry/dp/B07TSDJSQH/ref=sr_1_15?dchild=1&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AlYZbWqEj2ea-9odBwcTzQ-Coq0Zzv8hptd5f5q8QX-MqoPuq-NkPIaAvyjEALw_wcB&hvadid=443816411978&hvdev=c&hvlocphy=9028305&hvnetw=g&hvqmt=e&hvrand=14098241450732675696&hvtargid=kwd-920541044600&hydadcr=21947_9709434&keywords=5v%2F3a+usb+charger&qid=1605743063&sr=8-15&tag=googhydr-20) |
| 5MP generic picam  | $5 | [aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32946093276.html?src=google&albch=shopping&acnt=494-037-6276&isdl=y&slnk=&plac=&mtctp=&albbt=Google_7_shopping&aff_platform=google&aff_short_key=UneMJZVf&&albagn=888888&albcp=11491261337&albag=111738685669&trgt=708011819940&crea=en32946093276&netw=u&device=c&albpg=708011819940&albpd=en32946093276&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AnSaUcIZU7iDG24QDlKKKp5OlOd3nNHBHSx843SYjAWjgG31dzpadcaAlAqEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds), [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07QNSJ32M/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) |
| 3D Print Material* (130g of PLA) | $3  | [MatterHackers](https://www.matterhackers.com/store/l/175mm-pla-filament-white-1-kg/sk/MEEDKTKU?rcode=GAT9HR&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AkzOYaP5s5nvpkNWoCH_eiSJXGnUHVKdi8fQJLOE69DU3W1SD2gkawaAoRIEALw_wcB), [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/HATCHBOX-3D-Filament-Dimensional-Accuracy/dp/B00J0GMMP6/ref=sr_1_3?dchild=1&keywords=PLA+Plastic&qid=1605758618&sr=8-3) |
| **Total**  | **$54** | ____________ |

---
**\*3D Print Note**

If you don't have a 3D printer handy for the box enclosure, you can use an online service, in which case the cost for the enclosue will vary from $20 to $60 depending on time, distance, material and other options.

---


# How to Assemble an Ambianic Box

## Instructional Video

<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed//Tys3lW9tNAU' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

## Slides

<style>
  .responsive-google-slides {
    position: relative;
    padding-bottom: 56.25%; /* 16:9 Ratio */
    height: 0;
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  .responsive-google-slides iframe {
    border: 0;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    width: 100% !important;
    height: 100% !important;
  }
</style>

<div class="responsive-google-slides">
  <iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQcEWyjuR-oSnmyvGxoSlEYzFkivDdDd6EkhaJtHalm5lxHxOrjsywYNkmsz1IxLld3b2ig9Yy-7ytx/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000#slide=id.p2"></iframe>
</div>



---
**Wall Mount Note**

Ambianic Box can stand up on a flat surface or it can be mounted. For wall mount, there are several options. The box has two  openings on the back side that can be attached to wall mount hooks. Alternatively if you don't feel like drilling into your wall, the box is light enough to mount via two sided mounting tape such as [this one](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07LFRN1K8/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1).

---

Commit message:

docs: add link to labists enclosure

docs-md/users/ambianicbox.md, after:

# Ambianic Box

[![Join the Slack chat room](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-Join%20the%20chat%20room-blue)](https://join.slack.com/t/ambianicai/shared_invite/zt-eosk4tv5-~GR3Sm7ccGbv1R7IEpk7OQ)

Ambianic Box is the recommended enclosure for DIY (do-it-yourself) installations of Ambianic Edge.

<img src="https://github.com/ambianic/ambianic-box/raw/main/ambianic_box_rendering.png" height="400"/>

You can 3D Print an Ambianic Box at home ([here is the source](https://github.com/ambianic/ambianic-box)) or order a 3D print online through a service such as [craftcloud3d.com](https://craftcloud3d.com/configuration/c7faee7e-ec06-41ed-822c-4092bdf1d28d) or [makexyz.com](https://www.makexyz.com/).

Alternatively, if you don't want to 3D print an enclosure, you can order a kit such as [this ony by Labists](https://labists.com/collections/all/products/labists-raspberry-pi-4g-ram-32gb-card) which includes a usable enclosure box and other components required to build an Ambianic Edge device.

# Components

To assemble a fully functional Ambianic Box, we recommend the following readily available off the shelf components, but you can use any viable alternatives available to you:

| Component  | Retail Price | Link(s) to Online Stores |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Raspberry Pi 4 B 2GB | $35  | [RaspberryPi.org](https://www.raspberrypi.org/products/raspberry-pi-4-model-b/?resellerType=home), [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Raspberry-Model-2019-Quad-Bluetooth/dp/B07TD42S27/ref=sxts_sxwds-bia-wc-drs1_0?cv_ct_cx=raspberry+pi+4+2gb&dchild=1&keywords=raspberry+pi+4+2gb&pd_rd_i=B07TD42S27&pd_rd_r=873aac72-20e5-46c0-99ce-9e47ea60881e&pd_rd_w=gOwz9&pd_rd_wg=lG0sq&pf_rd_p=c33e4373-edb9-47f9-a7e6-5d3d6a7a4ad0&pf_rd_r=KRGVVKRVVZTQ5FA0Q55J&psc=1&qid=1605758079&sr=1-1-5e875a02-02b1-4426-9916-8a5c26cd5a14) |
| SD Card 32GB  | $8  | [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Samsung-MicroSDHC-Adapter-MB-ME32GA-AM/dp/B06XWN9Q99/ref=pd_bxgy_img_3/144-4430494-7772565?_encoding=UTF8&pd_rd_i=B06XWN9Q99&pd_rd_r=a15cd46f-405b-4e68-964d-2abdc4331448&pd_rd_w=iB7pd&pd_rd_wg=GMbRu&pf_rd_p=f325d01c-4658-4593-be83-3e12ca663f0e&pf_rd_r=YFPJN5QH2KR9RWRYBNCG&psc=1&refRID=YFPJN5QH2KR9RWRYBNCG), [Best Buy](https://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-32gb-microsdhc-uhs-i-memory-card/6327962.p?skuId=6327962) |
| 5V 3A USBC Charger  | $3 | [wish](https://www.wish.com/product/593badce564c7e24a9cf2c9f?hide_login_modal=true&from_ad=goog_shopping&_display_country_code=US&_force_currency_code=USD&pid=googleadwords_int&c=%7BcampaignId%7D&ad_cid=593badce564c7e24a9cf2c9f&ad_cc=US&ad_lang=EN&ad_curr=USD&ad_price=3.60&campaign_id=8701430383&retargeting=true&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AmgVu5NhnIR4ciTOxAS0RuKiafialsqoFvQDmOAAsDYKixyqm1DmRQaArF5EALw_wcB&share=web), [ebay](https://www.ebay.com/i/183831264689?var=691473058624&chn=ps&norover=1&mkevt=1&mkrid=711-117182-37290-0&mkcid=2&itemid=691473058624_183831264689&targetid=934793862456&device=c&mktype=pla&googleloc=9028305&campaignid=10455978148&mkgroupid=104612011180&rlsatarget=aud-649939740884:pla-934793862456&abcId=2146002&merchantid=136047574&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AnhnfUart_pYDl8wPHKhJl1PHab4U2OtoLLBX1lkuNPQ-9XN6DcfVYaAkMkEALw_wcB), [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Power-Supply-Adapter-Switch-Raspberry/dp/B07TSDJSQH/ref=sr_1_15?dchild=1&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AlYZbWqEj2ea-9odBwcTzQ-Coq0Zzv8hptd5f5q8QX-MqoPuq-NkPIaAvyjEALw_wcB&hvadid=443816411978&hvdev=c&hvlocphy=9028305&hvnetw=g&hvqmt=e&hvrand=14098241450732675696&hvtargid=kwd-920541044600&hydadcr=21947_9709434&keywords=5v%2F3a+usb+charger&qid=1605743063&sr=8-15&tag=googhydr-20) |
| 5MP generic picam  | $5 | [aliexpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/32946093276.html?src=google&albch=shopping&acnt=494-037-6276&isdl=y&slnk=&plac=&mtctp=&albbt=Google_7_shopping&aff_platform=google&aff_short_key=UneMJZVf&&albagn=888888&albcp=11491261337&albag=111738685669&trgt=708011819940&crea=en32946093276&netw=u&device=c&albpg=708011819940&albpd=en32946093276&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AnSaUcIZU7iDG24QDlKKKp5OlOd3nNHBHSx843SYjAWjgG31dzpadcaAlAqEALw_wcB&gclsrc=aw.ds), [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07QNSJ32M/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) |
| 3D Print Material* (130g of PLA) | $3  | [MatterHackers](https://www.matterhackers.com/store/l/175mm-pla-filament-white-1-kg/sk/MEEDKTKU?rcode=GAT9HR&gclid=Cj0KCQiAqdP9BRDVARIsAGSZ8AkzOYaP5s5nvpkNWoCH_eiSJXGnUHVKdi8fQJLOE69DU3W1SD2gkawaAoRIEALw_wcB), [amazon](https://www.amazon.com/HATCHBOX-3D-Filament-Dimensional-Accuracy/dp/B00J0GMMP6/ref=sr_1_3?dchild=1&keywords=PLA+Plastic&qid=1605758618&sr=8-3) |
| **Total**  | **$54** | ____________ |

---
**\*3D Print Note**

If you don't have a 3D printer handy for the box enclosure, you can use an online service, in which case the cost for the enclosue will vary from $20 to $60 depending on time, distance, material and other options.

---


# How to Assemble an Ambianic Box

## Instructional Video

<style>.embed-container { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0; overflow: hidden; max-width: 100%; } .embed-container iframe, .embed-container object, .embed-container embed { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }</style><div class='embed-container'><iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed//Tys3lW9tNAU' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen></iframe></div>

## Slides

<style>
  .responsive-google-slides {
    position: relative;
    padding-bottom: 56.25%; /* 16:9 Ratio */
    height: 0;
    overflow: hidden;
  }
  .responsive-google-slides iframe {
    border: 0;
    position: absolute;
    top: 0;
    left: 0;
    width: 100% !important;
    height: 100% !important;
  }
</style>

<div class="responsive-google-slides">
  <iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQcEWyjuR-oSnmyvGxoSlEYzFkivDdDd6EkhaJtHalm5lxHxOrjsywYNkmsz1IxLld3b2ig9Yy-7ytx/embed?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000#slide=id.p2"></iframe>
</div>



---
**Wall Mount Note**

Ambianic Box can stand up on a flat surface or it can be mounted. For wall mount, there are several options. The box has two  openings on the back side that can be attached to wall mount hooks. Alternatively if you don't feel like drilling into your wall, the box is light enough to mount via two sided mounting tape such as [this one](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07LFRN1K8/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_search_asin_title?ie=UTF8&psc=1).

---
